refactor:  rename setCanvasOffsets to refresh and release @excalidraw/excalidraw v0.6.0 🎉 (#3398)
excalidraw/excalidraw: src/packages/excalidraw/README.md

| [`renderFooter `](#renderFooter) | Function |  | Function that renders custom UI footer |
| [`renderCustomStats`](#renderCustomStats) | Function |  | Function that can be used to render custom stats on the stats dialog. |
| [`viewModeEnabled`](#viewModeEnabled) | boolean |  | This implies if the app is in view mode. |
| [`zenModeEnabled`](#zenModeEnabled) | boolean |  | This implies if the zen mode is enabled |
| [`gridModeEnabled`](#gridModeEnabled) | boolean |  | This implies if the grid mode is enabled |
| [`libraryReturnUrl`](#libraryReturnUrl) | string |  | What URL should [libraries.excalidraw.com](https://libraries.excalidraw.com) be installed to |
| [`theme`](#theme) | `light` or `dark` |  | The theme of the Excalidraw component |
| [`name`](#name) | string |  | Name of the drawing |
| [`UIOptions`](#UIOptions) | <pre>{ canvasActions: <a href="https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/types.ts#L208"> CanvasActions<a/> }</pre> | [DEFAULT UI OPTIONS](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/constants.ts#L129) | To customise UI options. Currently we support customising [`canvas actions`](#canvasActions) |

### Dimensions of Excalidraw

> Excalidraw takes `100%` of `width` and `height` of the containing block so you need to make sure the container in which you are rendering Excalidraw has non zero dimensions (It should have non zero width and height so Excalidraw can match the dimensions of the containing block). This is to make sure you don't have to worry about updating the offsets of dimensions when resizing Excalidraw.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Excalidraw takes `100%` of `width` and `height` of the containing block so make sure the container in which you render Excalidraw has non zero dimensions.
```

Simplified, and removed the mention of offset updating because it's actually unrelated to the container dimensions.
